So then we expand that option that's mean.
This one can expand from zero to the maximum limit is eight.
Then when we chose intermediate that's mean it's thought expanded from zero up to this number of course
we have another option right there.
For example the minimum it's zero when we chose 0 that's made the reservation.
It will be 0 the maximum reservation is zero or we can chose more than zero because we give it limit
to zero.
I mean this is a pool we used zero megahertz of resource doesn't mean we can't this resource pool distress
would have zero megahertz of soupy.
But logically we did not chose zero didn't have the maximum available is about 8 co-horts.
But of course we control any number that you want for example for Jugheads.
So this one we limited this in support of four guys even we give it's a 4000 chair but we limited this
one to four Zegart heads.
But I mean we have some virtual machines that consume less than four gigahertz of the Sibiu.
So we limited this one to four Shiga hurts then if we chose for example for an item and then try to
give it any reservation we can give it more than four Jugheads of the reservation.
We limited by four ziggurats we can't give it for example five Jugheads like this one you see we have
our problem right there.
So it is always limited by two limits right.
And then of course if we give it six it will change automatically from 4 to 6.
In another situation for example we give it for Jugheads of the reservation and try to change the limits
for this one.
Less than four gigahertz.
It will give us an order we can limits this into those pools to zero.
If you go ahead and the reserve are forging ahead.
So if we click on this one we have all the minimum 4G Gerhard's of super mom 8 Jigar house and intermitted
that's mean.
We do not get in a specific number that mean it's going to start from for up to maximum from minimum
to maximum.
This is meaning of intermediate.
But if we chose a value like that that's me we give it for Jugheads of the super.
And we're limited at 5 she heads of CPI.
So this is the idea between reservation and limits.
It's the same as in the memory.
For example we give it normal.
So he automatically chose this number of the shed then hides in its anchor collection.
So the number right hand it changes in relation about this one because in this situation we have the
number right here is bigger than the one too stupid.
So we have 18 gigabytes of the rate and only 15 gigahertz is on the CPI.
So the number will be changing in the lation about this one right there.
So its make its own calculation automatically You dont need to care about this number you just know
that low is something low the normal is Medion do height ease height or reservation.
So for example we chose Marmon the same we can give you a reservation for your machine if you chose
project Gerhard's.
Then we can reserve about 1 gigabytes of the range.
Then we chose expandable I mean we can expand this one automatically up to the maximum.
Then we have the jimmied minimum is one maximum is eight to meet it.
So this one is eight is interation about the holes that have the maximum she got because of the rain.
So this is the idea of the resource pool.
And when we chose any resource that we have we can apply it.
So next we will run the first pool scene in the next three.